this video is sponsored by hosting er if
you've ever thought about creating a
website or hosting your game on a server
I really recommend you check out their
hosting plans which have a whole
different range of things that will suit
your needs
it is extremely fast affordable easy to
use and great for any business that is
small or large and as someone who's
really trying to start doing some
website stuff now the reason why I enjoy
hosting us so much is because their
website is fast and actually easy to use
just look at it's hosting panel it's
clean light and really intuitive
something that's hard to find with most
website hosting services I also love
being able to build a website using
their free website builder with no
technical or coding knowledge by simply
using the best drag-and-drop interface
so make sure you guys go ahead and check
out their wide range of services and get
91 percent off yearly web hosting plans
by visiting the link hosting gear.com
slash Linux goop and use the coupon code
Linux scoop you can find that link in
the description
[Music]
[Laughter]